{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
                                                       CAB SERVICE MANAGEMENT\par
\par
REQUIREMENTS\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MODULE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1              APP\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 APP ICON\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Taxis are hired at the last minute. For this reason, the app must load quickly upon launch. Long wait times for the user will negatively impact the company.App icon badges are a commonly used feature on many mobile devices. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 SPLASH SCREEN\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  The first screen visible to the user when the application's launched. Splash screen is one of the most vital screens in the application since it's the user's first experience with the application.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 HOME PAGE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The main web page of Cab service website. It also refer to the start page shown in a web browser when the application first opens.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 LOGIN\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  The information you use to sign \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 CUSTOMER MODULE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Details include name ,phone number,address need to be stored\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 DRIVER MODULE \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Details include name ,phone number,address ,license need to be stored\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 AGENCY MODULE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Details include place ,working license need to be stored\par
     \par
     2.MODULE\par
      USER CENTRIC BOOKING\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 SEARCH TOOL FOR LOCATION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Enter a pickup location using the search tool.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 GPS\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 GPS is used to determine where you are right now.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MAP\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 View the selected location on a detailed map\par
\par
\par
3.MODULE\par
USER FRIENDLY UI\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 CONVIENIENT FOR USER\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The most appealing aspects of an online booking system are those that make the booking procedure convenient for the user. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 SPEED/PERFORMANCE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 When booking cabs in a hurry, users are likely to want something that allows them to complete the transaction in just a few taps.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 LOCATION TRACKING\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Your app should also have a function that allows users to store their locations, such as their office, home, or favorite restaurant.\par
\par
\par
4.MODULE\par
BOOKING FLEXIBILITY\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 SELECTION OF METHOD OF TRANSPORTATION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The selection of a convenient method of transportation, the user should have the choice of riding immediately or at a later time.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 DATE AND TIME SELECTION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Users who need to schedule the journey for a later date will get a pop-up window where they can select the date as well as the desired time.\par
\par
\par
5.MODULE\par
FAIR ESTIMATION\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 CHARGE ESTIMATION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The user should be able to see the estimated fare on your app. Every app worth its salt includes a function that allows users to estimate the cost of a ride before using it. There are multiple rate tables for cabs, as well as surge charges. Before hiring a cab, customers always want to see the price.\par
\par
6.MODULE\par
VARIOUS PAYMENT GATEWAYS\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 PAYMENT BUTTON\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Not everyone has handy cash. Plus, the taxi may not be equipped with debit and credit card machines, or they may not be charged, or malfunction on a particular day and time. To avoid all these situations, payment on the app is a good way out. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 TYPES OF PAYMENT\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 As the globe moves toward digitalization of payment systems, one can pay using a mobile wallet or through a variety of payment gateways such as Internet Banking, Card Payments, UPI, and others.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 PAYMENT CONFIRMATION\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}CONFIRMATION EMAIL \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 When the user arrives at their destination, the fare will be automatically deducted via payment API, and an invoice copy will be emailed to the user's registered email address.\par
\par
\par
7. MODULE\par
CANCELATION\par
The user books a taxi but has a change of plans. Maybe an unanticipated emergency comes up, or a friend pops by with a different trip idea; either situation prompts a change of booking. The user will enter the system with the booking reference number given to them on booking the cab the first time. A test case will check how the system responds to valid and invalid booking reference numbers. Another test will check the functionality of the \lquote Cancel\rquote  icon. Does it work successfully? A test will check for the duration of the cancellation of the test and if it meets the expected duration.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 CANCEL BUTTON\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 To cancel your ride all you have to do is click on the "Cancel Request" button at the bottom of the order screen.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 REASON \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Reason for cancelation has to be provided in the reason block\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 CONFIRM CANCELATION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Confirm your cancellation by selecting the most relevant reason for your cancellation\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 REFUND PROCESING\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 After cancelation the paid cash is returned to the account\par
\par
\par
8.MODULE\par
    SECURITY\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 SOS BUTTON\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 In the event of an emergency, you can include an SOS button in the app that sends the ride data as well as the current location to the police and a predetermined contact. This is a critical feature that can increase customer trust in your mobile app.\par
\par
9.MODULE\par
UPDATION\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 LIVE TRACKING\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The user can monitor the live status of the booked cab as well as the live status of the travel in this function, gaining user experience and staying up to date with live traffic and assuming arrival at the drop place.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 RATING\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Rating the app service by the customer based on the app performance.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 